docs(connector_sdk): Updated OAuth example to link update_configuration_during_sync (#512)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/authentication/oauth2_with_token_refresh/README.md

> # OAuth2 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OAuth 2.0 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector Example
```

  - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started

Refer to the [Connector SDK Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide)  to get started.

## Features

- OAuth2 authentication with automatic access token refresh
- Syncs contacts from HubSpot API
- Syncs companies from HubSpot API
- Pagination support for large datasets
- Example state tracking for last sync timestamp

## Configuration file

The connector requires the following configuration parameters:

```json
{
  "refresh_token": "<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>",
  "client_secret": "<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>",
  "client_id": "<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>"
}
```
**Parameters:**
  - `refresh_token` (required) – The OAuth2 refresh token used to obtain new access tokens when the current access token expires.
  - `client_id` (required) – The OAuth2 client ID from your HubSpot application.
  - `client_secret` (required) – The OAuth2 client secret from your HubSpot application.

Note: Ensure that the configuration.json file is not checked into version control to protect sensitive information.

## Requirements file

> > Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` and `requests:latest` packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`.

Author: @fivetran-sahilkhirwal  The previous README.md had this  ">" for Notes. , So i didnt want to change it , plus this made the notes stand out in the README.md file

## Authentication

> ### Obtaining HubSpot OAuth2 credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Obtaining HubSpot OAuth 2.0 credentials
```

- Validation – Checks that required fields exist before processing (e.g., contacts must have firstname and identity profiles with identities).
- Transformation – Converts nested properties into flat dictionary structures suitable for database storage.
- Upserting – Sends transformed records to Fivetran using `op.upsert()`, which handles both inserts and updates based on primary keys.
- State tracking – Persists sync progress using `op.checkpoint(state)` with the last_updated_at timestamp for incremental syncs.

Refer to `def process_record` within `def sync_contacts(configuration, cursor)`, `def sync_companies(configuration, cursor)`

## Error handling

The connector implements error handling strategies:

- Configuration validation – Ensures all required configuration parameters (refresh_token, client_secret, client_id) are present before processing.
- Access token refresh – Automatically refreshes the access token when it expires by comparing the refresh time with the current time. If token refresh fails, an exception is raised with error details.
- API request errors – Logs severe errors when API requests fail and raises exceptions to stop processing.

> Refer to `def validate_configuration(configuration: dict)`, `def get_access_token(configuration: dict)`, `def get_data(method, params, headers, configuration, body=None)`

Reviewer 2: Just mention the method names without def. def is python keyword for defining the functions

# HubSpot OAuth2 Connector Example

## Connector overview

This connector demonstrates OAuth2 authentication with automatic access token refresh for the HubSpot API. It syncs contacts and companies data from HubSpot to Fivetran using OAuth2.0 client credentials flow with refresh token support.

> Note: We have a Fivetran connector for HubSpot that users can integrate directly on the dashboard [here](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/hubspot#hubspot). You can use this example as a reference for the cases where you want to connect to a custom OAuth2 source that requires access token refresh.

> > Note: This example only supports cases where the refresh token does not have a TTL, and only the access token is refreshed with the refresh token. If you need to programmatically update configuration values (such as refresh tokens) during the sync, refer to the [update_configuration_during_sync](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/update_configuration_during_sync) example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This example supports only cases where the refresh token has no TTL, and only the access token is refreshed with it. If you need to programmatically update configuration values (such as refresh tokens) during the sync, refer to the [update_configuration_during_sync](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/update_configuration_during_sync) example.
```

## Requirements

Supported Python versions

Operating system:
- Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
- macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
- Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started

Refer to the Connector SDK Setup Guide to get started.

4. Once you have deployed the connector, follow the link in the terminal or search in the dashboard with the connection name to view the sync status and logs.

## Features

- OAuth2 authentication with automatic access token refresh
- Syncs contacts from HubSpot API
- Syncs companies from HubSpot API
- Pagination support for large datasets
- Incremental sync using cursor-based state management

## Configuration file

The configuration keys defined for your connector, which are uploaded to Fivetran from the configuration.json file:

```json
{
  "refresh_token": "<YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN>",
  "client_secret": "<YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET>",
  "client_id": "<YOUR_CLIENT_ID>"
}
```

> Note: Ensure that the configuration.json file is not checked into version control to protect sensitive information.

## Requirements file

> > Note: The fivetran_connector_sdk:latest and requests:latest packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your requirements.txt.

Reviewer 2: This should not be not.
Please check the readme template

- Using Fivetran [Update Api](https://fivetran.com/docs/rest-api/api-reference/connectors/modify-connector?service=15five#updateaconnection):

  ```
  PATCH /v1/connections/connectionId HTTP/1.1
  Accept: application/json;version=2
  Authorization: Basic REPLACE_BASIC_AUTH
  Content-Type: application/json
  Host: api.fivetran.com
  Content-Length: 625

  {
    "config": {
      "refresh_token": "updated_refresh_token",
      "client_id": "your_client_id",
      "client_secret": "your_client_secret"
    }
  }
  ```

- Updating manually in [Fivetran Dashboard](https://fivetran.com/dashboard/connectors/connectiion_id/setup) – The configuration passed in configuration.json at the time of deploying the connector can be updated after logging on the fivetran dashboard and navigating to the setup tab.

## Pagination

Refer to def sync_contacts(configuration, cursor), def sync_companies(configuration, cursor)

The connector handles pagination when retrieving data from HubSpot:

- Contacts – Uses cursor-based pagination with vidOffset parameter. The API returns has-more flag and vid-offset for subsequent requests. Response limit is set to 100 records per request.

> - Companies – Uses cursor-based pagination with offset parameter. The API returns has-more flag and offset for subsequent requests. Response limit is set to 250 records per request.

Reviewer 2: Both the points are similar.
We can have a paragraph for how pagination is done in the connector and then mention the limits for the tables

Author: Corrected this
